books_the_serpent_priest.md, before:

---
layout: book_detail
title: The Serpent Priest
permalink: /books/the-serpent-priest/
show_in_books: true
show_in_header: true
page_rank: 4
hero_full_res: book_cotb_04_tsp_full.jpg
hero_med_res: book_cotb_04_tsp_600.jpg
hero_sml_res: book_cotb_04_tsp_450.jpg
hero_desc: The Serpent Priest novel cover
cta_text: Coming Soon
hero_col: data:image/jpeg;base64,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
---

This is the base Jekyll theme. You can find out more info about customizing your Jekyll theme, as well as basic Jekyll usage documentation at [jekyllrb.com](http://jekyllrb.com/)

You can find the source code for the Jekyll new theme at:
{% include icon-github.html username="jglovier" %} /
[jekyll-new](https://github.com/jglovier/jekyll-new)

You can find the source code for Jekyll at
{% include icon-github.html username="jekyll" %} /
[jekyll](https://github.com/jekyll/jekyll)

Commit message:

Add descriptions for The Serpent Priest, redo footer

books_the_serpent_priest.md, after:

---
layout: book_detail
title: The Serpent Priest
permalink: /books/the-serpent-priest/
show_in_books: true
show_in_header: true
page_rank: 4
is_child: true
hero_full_res: book_cotb_04_tsp_full.jpg
hero_med_res: book_cotb_04_tsp_600.jpg
hero_sml_res: book_cotb_04_tsp_450.jpg
hero_desc: The Serpent Priest novel cover
cta_text: Coming Soon
excerpt: War is coming on the heels of the Serpent Priest, and Emma Chase, Caller of the Blood, will risk everything to save the people she loves.
desc_oneline: War is coming on the heels of the Serpent Priest, and Emma Chase, Caller of the Blood, will risk everything to save the people she loves.
desc_short: Betrayed and beaten, but not broken — Emma Chase, Caller of the Blood, has been to Hell and back and she’ll never be the same. But that’s soon to be the least of her problems, because there’s a war coming, and the only one who knows how to stop it is Alexi, the Serpent Priest. Because he caused it.
hero_col: data:image/jpeg;base64,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
---

__FATE &middot; HOPE &middot; REBELLION__

Betrayed, bereft, and beaten &mdash; but not broken.

Emma Chase is the Caller of the Blood, destined to command the magic of all shapechanging races. She’s been to Hell and back and she’ll never be the same, but she’s rebuilding her life &mdash; and her sanity &mdash; with the help of some totally unexpected allies. If only she knew how to heal the one person whose soul is bound to hers forever.

But that’s soon to be the least of her problems, because there’s a war coming, and the only one who knows how to stop it is Alexi, the Serpent Priest.

He’s also the one who caused it.

With her friends scattered and their fates unknown, Emma is on the run and searching for answers in far-flung places. She will risk everything to save the people she loves &mdash; even if it might mean losing her humanity somewhere along the way.
