books_the_wolfs_heir.md, before:

---
layout: book_detail
title: The Wolf’s Heir
permalink: /books/the-wolfs-heir/
show_in_books: true
show_in_header: true
page_rank: 3
hero_full_res: book_cotb_03_twh_full.jpg
hero_med_res: book_cotb_03_twh_600.jpg
hero_sml_res: book_cotb_03_twh_450.jpg
hero_desc: The Wolf’s Heir novel cover
cta_text: Coming Soon
hero_col: data:image/jpeg;base64,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
---

This is the base Jekyll theme. You can find out more info about customizing your Jekyll theme, as well as basic Jekyll usage documentation at [jekyllrb.com](http://jekyllrb.com/)

You can find the source code for the Jekyll new theme at:
{% include icon-github.html username="jglovier" %} /
[jekyll-new](https://github.com/jglovier/jekyll-new)

You can find the source code for Jekyll at
{% include icon-github.html username="jekyll" %} /
[jekyll](https://github.com/jekyll/jekyll)

Commit message:

Add descriptions for The Wolf's Heir

books_the_wolfs_heir.md, after:

---
layout: book_detail
title: The Wolf’s Heir
permalink: /books/the-wolfs-heir/
show_in_books: true
show_in_header: true
page_rank: 3
hero_full_res: book_cotb_03_twh_full.jpg
hero_med_res: book_cotb_03_twh_600.jpg
hero_sml_res: book_cotb_03_twh_450.jpg
hero_desc: The Wolf’s Heir novel cover
cta_text: Coming Soon
excerpt: Emma Chase, Caller of the Blood, destined to command the magic of all shapechanging races. But can she save the wolf’s heir — and herself?
desc_oneline: Emma Chase, Caller of the Blood, destined to command the magic of all shapechanging races. But can she save the wolf’s heir — and herself?
desc_short: When the Russian wolves beg Emma for help, she jumps at the chance to use her burgeoning powers as Caller of the Blood for good. But old enemies have been biding their time, and soon Emma will be pushed to the limits of her mind, body and soul. Can she save the wolf’s heir — and herself?
hero_col: data:image/jpeg;base64,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
---

__RITUAL &middot; POWER &middot; SURVIVAL__

A desperate king, a dying princess, and an orphaned boy who won’t speak of the horror that claimed his pack. Of all the shapechanger races Emma’s met so far, the wolves are the most loyal &mdash; and the least tame. When the Russian wolves beg Emma for help, she jumps at the chance to use her burgeoning powers for good, in spite of the misgivings of those who would rather she stay safe and untouched under their protection. After all, Emma Chase is the Caller of the Blood, destined to command the magic of all shapechanging races &mdash; and if her power can’t save one innocent kid, what the hell is it good for? Besides, the Russian wolves might be able to help her solve the mystery of her own stray wolf’s origins, or at least give her some tips on how to stop him chewing up the furniture.

But old enemies have been biding their time, and Emma’s promise to the wolves sets events in motion that will push her to the limits of her mind, body and soul, and finally awaken the ancient powers that have, until now, lain dormant within.

Can she save the wolf’s heir &mdash; and herself?
