credits.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: Credits & Acknowledgements
permalink: /credits/
---
## Fonts

Anna McIlwraith logo and all Caller of the Blood book covers are set in [Goudy Bookletter 1911](http://www.fontsquirrel.com/fonts/Goudy-Bookletter-1911). Website headings and body text is set in [Crimson Text](https://www.google.com/fonts/specimen/Crimson+Text).

## Header image

Header image is based on [Nearly 1st quarter moon](https://www.flickr.com/photos/yellowstonenps/15705631692/in/album-72157645930394446/) by Neal Herbert, August 2014, courtesy of the [National Park Service](https://www.flickr.com/photos/yellowstonenps/). Image has been used and colour adjusted under the terms of the [(CC By 2.0)](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/2.0/) license.

## Book cover images

All books in the Caller of the Blood series feature [Smoke Plume](https://www.flickr.com/photos/wwarby/11774542195/in/album-72157639434131913/) by [William Warby](https://www.flickr.com/photos/wwarby/), heavily colour adjusted under the terms of the [(CC BY 2.0)](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/2.0/) license.

The Jaguar King features [Snow Leopard](https://www.flickr.com/photos/wwarby/3278227075/) by [William Warby](https://www.flickr.com/photos/wwarby/), heavily colour adjusted and manipulated under the terms of the [(CC BY 2.0)](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/2.0/) license.

The Jackal Prince features [Coyote](https://www.flickr.com/photos/yellowstonenps/15725741555/in/album-72157647629154591/) by Neal Herbert, courtesy of the [National Park Service](https://www.flickr.com/photos/yellowstonenps/), heavily colour adjusted and manipulated under the terms of the [(CC BY 2.0)](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/2.0/) license.

The Wolf’s Heir features [Gray Wolf II](https://www.flickr.com/photos/dalliedee/2993568176/) by [dalliedee](https://www.flickr.com/photos/dalliedee/), heavily colour adjusted and manipulated under the terms of the [(CC BY 2.0)](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/2.0/) license.

The Serpent Priest features [Python](https://www.flickr.com/photos/brisbanecitycouncil/8025631030/) by [Brisbane City Council](https://www.flickr.com/photos/brisbanecitycouncil/), heavily colour adjusted and manipulated under the terms of the [(CC BY 2.0)](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/2.0/) license.

## Site construction and design

This website makes use of the following awesome open source projects. Try them out!

-	[Jekyll](https://jekyllrb.com/)
-	[Font Awesome](https://fortawesome.github.io/Font-Awesome/)
-	[jQuery](http://jquery.com/)
-	[Lettering JS](http://letteringjs.com/)
-	[Magnific Popup](http://dimsemenov.com/plugins/magnific-popup/)

Site was built and designed by [Andrew Serong](http://www.andrewserong.com). All content other than that listed above is &copy; 2015 Anna McIlwraith.

Commit message:

Add Caller of the Blood page, and sub-titles to book detail pages

credits.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: Credits & Acknowledgements
permalink: /credits/
---
## Fonts

Anna McIlwraith logo and all Caller of the Blood book covers are set in [Goudy Bookletter 1911](http://www.fontsquirrel.com/fonts/Goudy-Bookletter-1911). Website headings and body text is set in [Crimson Text](https://www.google.com/fonts/specimen/Crimson+Text).

## Header image

Header image is based on [Nearly 1st quarter moon](https://www.flickr.com/photos/yellowstonenps/15705631692/in/album-72157645930394446/) by Neal Herbert, August 2014, courtesy of the [National Park Service](https://www.flickr.com/photos/yellowstonenps/). Image has been used and colour adjusted under the terms of the [(CC By 2.0)](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/2.0/) license.

## Book cover images

All books in the Caller of the Blood series feature [Smoke Plume](https://www.flickr.com/photos/wwarby/11774542195/in/album-72157639434131913/) by [William Warby](https://www.flickr.com/photos/wwarby/), heavily colour adjusted under the terms of the [(CC BY 2.0)](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/2.0/) license.

The Jaguar King features [Snow Leopard](https://www.flickr.com/photos/wwarby/3278227075/) by [William Warby](https://www.flickr.com/photos/wwarby/), heavily colour adjusted and manipulated under the terms of the [(CC BY 2.0)](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/2.0/) license.

The Jackal Prince features [Coyote](https://www.flickr.com/photos/yellowstonenps/15725741555/in/album-72157647629154591/) by Neal Herbert, courtesy of the [National Park Service](https://www.flickr.com/photos/yellowstonenps/), heavily colour adjusted and manipulated under the terms of the [(CC BY 2.0)](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/2.0/) license.

The Wolf’s Heir features [Gray Wolf II](https://www.flickr.com/photos/dalliedee/2993568176/) by [dalliedee](https://www.flickr.com/photos/dalliedee/), heavily colour adjusted and manipulated under the terms of the [(CC BY 2.0)](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/2.0/) license.

The Serpent Priest features [Python](https://www.flickr.com/photos/brisbanecitycouncil/8025631030/) by [Brisbane City Council](https://www.flickr.com/photos/brisbanecitycouncil/), heavily colour adjusted and manipulated under the terms of the [(CC BY 2.0)](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/2.0/) license.

## Site construction and design

This website makes use of the following awesome open source projects. Try them out!

-	[Jekyll](https://jekyllrb.com/)
-	[Font Awesome](https://fortawesome.github.io/Font-Awesome/)
-	[jQuery](http://jquery.com/)
-	[Lettering JS](http://letteringjs.com/)
-	[Magnific Popup](http://dimsemenov.com/plugins/magnific-popup/)

Site was built and designed by [Andrew Serong](http://www.andrewserong.com), and is hosted on [GitHub Pages](https://pages.github.com/). The website's code is [open source](https://github.com/andrewserong/annamcilwraith/). All content other than that listed above is &copy; 2015 Anna McIlwraith.
